add create-github-repository partial (#7915)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/framework-guides/deploy-a-blazor-site.md

{{<render file="_tutorials-before-you-start.md">}}

> ## Create a gitignore file
> Create a gitignore file so that only what's needed gets pushed onto your github repository by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create a `.gitignore` file

Create a `.gitignore` file so that only what's needed gets pushed onto your github repository by running the following command:

```

Author: I think gitignore file is the correct terminology, is the same used in the [official git docs](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitignore#:~:text=A%20gitignore%20file%20specifies%20intentionally,gitignore%20file%20specifies%20a%20pattern.) for example.

So I think I might slightly prefer gitignore without the dot, but I am also fine if we want to have it 🙂 

(@deadlypants1973 do you have a preference? 🙂)

Author: [github](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/getting-started-with-git/ignoring-files) does uses .gitignore.... ok you win, I'm fine with it 😅

{{<render file="_tutorials-before-you-start.md">}}

## Create a `.gitignore` file

> Create a `.gitignore` file so that only what's needed gets pushed onto your GitHub repository by running the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Creating a `.gitignore` file ensures that only what is needed gets pushed onto your GitHub repository. Create a `.gitignore` file by running the following command:
```
